So we're fetching products here on our shop page.
And what about managed products now?
The good thing is in this app, we technically can't really get to manage products without having been
to the shop page first since we fetch our products here and we then store them in items in our products
class here.
When we reach manage products, which uses the same items, we are guaranteed to have products.
So we don't really need to fetch products when we reach this page, though.
Of course, theoretically you could do that here on the user product page.
You could turn this into a stateful widget as well.
And then also use did change dependencies here or the init state hack to load products here as well.
But as I said, I don't need it here.
But there is one other thing which we could add here.
It would be nice to have a pull to refresh logic here where we can pull the screen down to fetch the
latest set of products or the latest values from the web.
And such a pull to refresh pattern is relatively easy to implement in flutter.
All you have to do is you have to go to the widget where you want to have that pattern, then to your
body there in the scaffold.
And then here in this case around the padding, you wrap this with a new widget and that new widget
here is a refresh indicator.
And now for widget that's built into flutter, the refresh indicator takes a child around which you
wrap it and then you need to define on refresh function.
So this takes a function of function which gets no arguments but which has to return a future.
And that's important.
And this function has to return a future so that the refresh indicator widget knows when you're done
fetching data because it will show a spinner automatically the mean time and it needs to know when to
dismiss this.
So here you can either use a named function and point at that, and actually I'll do that or use an
anonymous function.
But here I'll use a named function which has to return a future which yields nothing in the end.
That's important, and I'll turn this into a private function which is only available inside of this
class, and I'll name this refresh products.
The name is totally up to you, of course.
And in there you now have to return a future.
Now that can be done by turning it into a async function.
Then you'll learn this will always return a future.
But of course I want to return a meaningful future that really does something.
And for that we can use provider.
For which you need to have to provider package imported off and then connect it to products of context
and then also call fetch and set products.
Of course.
Now to have the context here, since I'm not in a state class here, I don't have it available everywhere.
So here I need to now get this as an input, as an argument here in refresh products.
So now here I can call, fetch and set products and then we simply await for this to finish.
Therefore, this overall method will only be done once this is done, and only then this future which
is automatically returned, will yield.
Will resolve.
And with that, we're fetching our new products here.
So now down there, we could now point at refresh.
Whoops, products lost the name.
But actually, since I need my contacts there, I need to pass that in and therefore I will wrap this
in a non in an anonymous function which reference is now stored in on refresh.
And inside of that anonymous function, I return a call to refresh products where I can now forward
the context, the context I'm getting here in the build method automatically.
Now, one additional note about the way we're fetching our products here.
We should actually add lesson falls here in the refresh products method to ensure that this method which
we're calling on our provider is being called.
But we're not setting up a listener here because we don't really want to listen to updates in products
here in this method.
We just want to trigger the fetch and set products method.
Therefore, I'm calling it here and I'm adding lists and falls here to avoid any problems with that.
This is something we didn't add thus far, but something you should add in your code in this refresh
products method to avoid unnecessary widget rebuilds.
That should already be everything.
If I save this here, our products are lost because due to this hot reload our state gets cleared.
But that's good actually, because that allows me to demonstrate that fetching here I can now pull down
and you see that indicator up here here.
And if you pull down long enough or far enough, you see that starts loading and as soon as the data
is there, that spinner disappears.
So that's the refresh indicator and that pull to refresh pattern, which as you see is pretty easy to
implement.